hi I'm Alex quad for me and I'm at the
bitch international motor show at
london's XL center elias brother it's
2009 mobile content for Flying Spur
arranged with this 600 horsepower and
speed method taking its name from the
high-performance speed balls of the
1920s this serves up similar to before
performance the Jeep Continental GT
Speed with not 62 coming out in 4.5
seconds on its way to 200 miles an hour
speed mother's am I applauded by split
spoke 20-inch alloy wheels why do you
observe pipes and dark scented air
intake some rodeo to get up front it's a
person the last time to get behind the
wheel of a Bentley but for those who do
want to get behind the wheel of a
Bentley prices start 117,000 500 for the
Flying Spur and 130 3500 for the flying
spur speed hi I'm Tim senior from am
magazine and we're here today at the
Suzuki stand at a london motor show and
this is Suzuki's new concepts Nick avati
because action concept is Suzuki's first
glance and what might become the
Japanese brands to segment car in 2010
it's looking pretty suit at the moment
but they let's go and sell I wouldn't
think it would look as cool as it does
at a moment Tina's awaken the expansion
of theses uki rage we currently features
no and c-segment car and will fold over
drive in 2010 it also have booster
zookeys fleet prospects between the
moment a pretty much non-existent it's
the only big Carson Suzuki's unveiling
it today show this is the a star and it
could be a hint at a forthcoming a
segment model in range
it's been 13 years since notice last
added a model to its lineup now it's
getting ready to add this the avira
develops of project equal to its range
lotus combs the avira is the only two
plus two mid-engine car available on the
market but it was to keep it niche it
aims to sell 1500 units in its first
year Rosen to 3000 the second day and
that's where wild
it's an important launch for Lotus and
it as it considers attracted quite a lot
of attention all day a pro expect prices
to start from just under 50,000 pounds
when it goes on sale and later on and no
time Lotus of trucks to introduce three
new baby stairs a two-seater convertible
and a hardcore track version similar in
style to the excision the Evora marks
the start of a new model lineup for
Lotus expecting an all-new Esprit to
follow in the next two years and two
years after that and all new alleys